Functions for all these:

Names of the students who are forever-alone (no friends).Done
Names of the students who are super popular and have 4 or more friends. Done
Names of students taking HTML course. Done
Names of students taking CSS course.  Done
Names of students taking Javascript course. Done
Names of students taking PHP course.  Done.
Names of students taking Ruby course. Done.
Names of students taking Java course. Done.
Last names of the students who are forever-alones (no friends). Done.
Full name of the students who are super popular and have 4 or more friends. Done
Ages of students taking HTML course. Done.
Phone numbers of students taking CSS course. Done.
Full name of students taking any course related to a backend technology (Javascript, PHP, Ruby, Java). Done.
Full name of students taking any course related to a frontend technology (Javascript, HTML, CSS). Done.
Average age of students taking any of these courses: HTML, CSS, Javascript. Done.
Average grade of students taking any of these courses: HTML, CSS, Javascript. Done.
Average grade of the students who are forever-alone (no friends). Done.
Average of ages of students. Done
Percentage of active students and inactive students. Done.
Get the ids of the students with blue eyes. Done.
Get the first name of the students with green eyes. Done.
Get the last name of the students with brown eyes. Done.
Get the full name of the oldest student. Done.
Get the full name of the youngest student. Done.
Average of grades of all students all courses. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the HTML course. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the CSS course. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the Javascript course. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the PHP course. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the Ruby course. Done.
Average grade of all the students in the Java course. Done.
Names of the students who have failed a course. Done.
Ages of the students who have failed a course. Done.
